# Knudsen
In response to the urgent global challenge of climate change, there has been a notable surge in the demand for electric vehicles (EVs) as a sustainable alternative to traditional Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) vehicles. However, this shift towards EVs has disrupted many ICE manufacturers. They need to now focus on adapting to this new environment. Our project aims to assess the readiness of various manufacturers to transition to this new EV manufacturing supply chain. By doing so, we hope to help companies make decisions on how they can shift to this new environment and fight to save our planet. To achieve this, we gathered data from websites of small and medium-sized automotive parts manufacturers and identified key components of the EV supply chain. After this, we differentiated between EV-specific components like lithium batteries and non-EV-specific items like tires. Then, using these EV specific components, we begin to label our web scraped data using a Named Entity Recognition (NER) model. We classified entities common to EV manufacturers and created data visualizations to gain insights into their capabilities. As mentioned earlier, one of our primary goals was to develop familiarity with LLMs, especially NER(Named Entity Recognition) models, which are used to classify named entities such as people and locations. First, we attempted to use publicly available NER models to classify more common data. As seen on the left image, the model is fed in our scraped data, and works to label each entity with relevant tags, such as location or person. At the end of the process, we have a model which can label data on any text, not just the initial text given. Then, our team undertook efforts to not only research models that work well with diverse data, but can also be used to classify manufacturing data, for example, processes like 5-axis CNC machining, a very precise way of cutting metal, and quality standards such as ISO 9001. In addition to making small adjustments to the NER models so that they can more accurately detect various manufacturing capabilities, our team plans on taking this endeavor a step further by also experimenting with data from companies not in the manufacturing industry. This will allow us to not only identify areas to improve the model’s performance, but conduct more rounds of training and testing such that we can control how the model behaves with different formats of data. Ultimately, our goal is to help automotive manufacturing companies make informed decisions and support their transition towards a sustainable, EV-centric future.
